nixos/kubo: unmount on stop (#213816)
NixOS/nixpkgs: nixos/doc/manual/release-notes/rl-2305.section.md

  On Xorg, the default cursor is upscaled.
  Please see the documentation for the new option to decide if you want to keep it enabled.

> - `services.kubo` unmounts `ipfsMountDir` and `ipnsMountDir` even if it is killed uncleanly, when 'autoMount` is enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `services.kubo` now unmounts `ipfsMountDir` and `ipnsMountDir` even if it is killed unexpectedly when 'autoMount` is enabled.
```
